.\" Manpage for hf
.\" Contact rbo@gmx.us to correct errors and typos.
.TH hf 1 "28 August 2025" "hf 1.0" "hardflip Reference"
.SH NAME
hf \- super fast remote connection manager
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B hf
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBhf\fR is a TUI program allowing you to keep track of your various
SSH/RDP/OpenStack hosts.
.
Passwords are stored using \fBGnuPG\fR keys or plaintext (depending on your
setup).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
prints the usage and exit
.TP
\fB\-n\fR
disables loop mode, ignoring the \fBloop\fR setting from
.IR config.yml .
See
.B CONFIGURATION
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
starts in search mode using
.IR fzf (1).
The program will not run the TUI and search directly through the existing hosts.
Contrary to search mode from within the TUI, selecting an host will execute
the configuration directly. Using this option will exit the program at the end
of the session or if the search was cancelled. This option implies \fB\-n\fR.
.IR config.yml .
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
prints the program version and exit
.SH CONFIGURATION
.BR hf
stores its configuration files in the
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/hf/config.yml
file. If this variable is unset, it will store it at
.IR $HOME/.config/hf/config.yml .
.
This is the main options files. You can reload the options on-the-go with
.BR Ctrl+r .
Here are some options:
.
.TP
.BR icons :
.I bool
.RS 4
shows or not icons
.RE
.TP
.BR loop :
.I bool
.RS 4
the program will run again after exiting the host you connected to
.RE
.TP
.BR gpg :
.I string
.RS 4
the gpg key ID you set at first boot. It is used to encrypt passwords. If set
to **"plain"**, passwords will be stored in plaintext. I don't recommend this
at all but you might not care
.RE
.TP
.BR percent :
.I bool
.RS 4
shows percent of hosts the cursor is on in the bottom right of the window
.RE
.TP
.BR terminal :
.I string
.RS 4
will spawn the command to connect to your host in a new instance of your set
terminal. It was intended to open the connection in a new terminal in the
background, allowing you to still be using the same
.B hf
while connected to one or several of your hosts. Turns out I can't code that, it
doesn't work at all, just leave that unset
.RE
.TP
.BR default_ssh_priv :
.I string
.RS 4
default SSH private key path. It will be entered by default when adding a new
SSH host or jump, saving a ton of time. Of course it can be changed when adding
the host. Leave empty if you don't have a main key
.RE
.TP
.BR fuzzy_finder :
.I string
.RS 4
custom path for the fuzzy search program. For you
.IR skim
nerds. Defaults to
.IR fzf
if not set
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please note that
.B hardflip
was only tested on Linux and FreeBSD at the moment. This is probably full of
bugs, so please report any bug to me,
.IR "joe <rbo@gmx.us>"
or on GitHub at
.IR https://github.com/JozanLeClerc/hardflip .
.SH AUTHOR
joe <rbo@gmx.us>
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR ssh (1),
.IR xfreerdpd (1),
.IR gpg (1),
.IR fzf (1),
.IR remmina (1)
